Exercise 1.7 Finalizing Your Python Program
Learning Goals

Interact with a database using an object-relational mapper
Build your final command-line Recipe application

Reflection Questions

    1. What is an Object Relational Mapper and what are the advantages of using one?
    A Object relational Mapper is a mapper that makes database conversion much easier to use. It allows you to move from diffrent DBMS to another. Since it converts data/content and structures of your data in to classes that can be interacted with directly.
	
    2. By this point, you’ve finished creating your Recipe app. How did it go? What’s something in the app that you did well with? If you were to start over, what’s something about your app that you would change or improve?
    Creating the Recipe app went well thanks to using OOP and ORM. Somethings I did well / enjoyed was providing users with options when creating multiple recipes, and ingredients. Looking back I would redo some code finding ways to optimize long functions into small / fast functions, with some text structure to allow for ease of reading.

    3. Imagine you’re at a job interview. You’re asked what experience you have creating an app using Python. Taking your work for this Achievement as an example, draft how you would respond to this question.
    My most Recent project Recipe App a python based application use's Object-Oriented Programming and Object Relation Mapper using SQLAlchemy. Using the OOP I setup a class with defined attributes, that can then be called to insert information from my database. I setup many functions to allow users to Search by Ingredient, Search all recipes, Create, Update, and Delete Recipes. With loops to check on user valid inputs. 

    4. You’ve finished Achievement 1! Before moving on to Achievement 2, take a moment to reflect on your learning in the course so far: 
        a. What went well during this Achievement?
            A lot went well during my studies though Achievement 1 managed to learn about Loops, saving and loading files, OOP, and python with SQL integration.    
        b. What’s something you’re proud of?
            The Recipe App final project is something I put my time in to make sure it was well coded and organized. Keeping code clean and easy to understand.  
        c. What was the most challenging aspect of this Achievement?
            Most challenging was understanding database integration. I had to slow down my pace at first but, the more I used and coded files using database integrations it clicked.
        d. Did this Achievement meet your expectations? Did it give you the confidence to start working with your new Python skills?
            Yes! This Achivement helped me understand Python and how it works. I am confident that I can start working with my new python skills.
        e. What’s something you want to keep in mind to help you do your best in Achievement 2?
            I will defently keep OOP in mind really helpful for keeping clean and non repative code.